---
layout: post
title: "Frank's Top 10"
author: "Frank Semisa"
categories:
  - Article
tags:
  - Article
---

### Method to the Madness
This list is based on 3 factors. Accounting for 20% is entire career history going back to bowl number 1. Accounting for 60% of the total player grade is last seasons performance. Finally accounting for the final 20% is current weekly performance at this year’s scrimmages. So because scrimmages are ongoing this list will change weekly.

### Honorable mention: RENZO
Renzo did not play in last years game day because of a hand injury. His honorable mention status is based solely off of his career and how great he looked last week at the first scrimmage. The guys a former LOL MVP. That can’t be overlooked. Last week we saw the golden right arm of the man who brought TeamDan out of the dumpster. If Renzo continues to show up and flash signs of the best arm in football, He’ll climb into the Top 10 quickly.

### 10. JOHN MACA
The Mac attack has established himself as reliable target in the passing game but it’s his defense that makes him an elite player. He has the size, speed, length, and vision to take a player out of the game. Always a physical player at the point of attack, Maca is never afraid to put hands on the opponent. The only thing holding Maca from a higher spot in the top 10 is the fact that TeamHolmes couldn’t find a way to get Maca involved in the offensive game plan last season. 

### 9. NICK GERACI
Over the passed two seasons Nick Geraci has been the 2nd best QB in the league. He’s thrown the ball with velocity and he’s been the pilot for The Neighborhood Roadies uptempo short passing attack. Nick Geraci has had 5 game days as a starting QB. In bowl 4 as the QB for TeamHolmes Geraci lost a 2-0 lead in a loss. In bowl 5 he was drafted in the first round by TeamShoe and lost 5-0 to TeamFrank. In bowl 7 as the starting QB for his own team (TeamGeraci) he benched himself after an opening drive INT. When Geraci was drafted by the Roadies it was a fresh start to his career. He’s seen plenty of statistical success but that success has not translated to a championship. His 5 starts have resulted in zero championships. Geraci is an accomplished WR. He has 18 receptions and 5 receiving TDs. Nick Geraci was a pick-6 from winning claiming his first title as a QB last season. If he can play mistake free football this year, he could finally get over the hump.

### 8. KEN SILVER
Ken is arguably the greatest center of all time. With 9 receiving TDs in just 5 seasons Ken is a red zone matchup nightmare. Last season for the Smokes Ken was asked to be the franchises number 1 receiving option. This resulted in Kens worst statistical season. Ken looked great last Sunday in scrimmage action and will have to continue to look good to resurrect his draft position. 

### 7. JOE LABO (HOF)
If Ken isn’t your choice for greatest center of all time surely Joe Labo is. Joe was the biggest reason TeamTully made it out of the 1st round last year. He was a mismatch against almost everyone the Roadies threw at him. Labo has 5 championship rings. That puts him alone at 3rd all time. The guy just wins. His positional flexibility should guarantee a high draft night selection.

### 6. IAN TULLY
Ian was the best defender in football last year. He’s been one of the best defenders in football since year 1. We all know what Ian is capable of when he has the ball in space. He can make anyone miss at any moment. He’s won an MVP award at QB. He’s done it all. Receiving, rushing, throwing, and defending. He’s now won his 4th ring. Ian has cemented his place as an all time great. 

### 5. COLIN TULLY (HOF)
Colin had his best season since his MVP season in bowl 2. He was unstoppable on offense. 13 catches and 3 TDs. Big numbers from the team captain. Colin ran routes with power and speed. He showed incredible hands not just on offense but on defense as Will as he recorded his first INT in 8 seasons. 
Colin also led the way as a blocking fullback for the league leading rushing attack. An homage to his father showing his versatility. 

### 4. JUSTIN OSHEA (HOF)
Justin’s selection at 4 is based on his unbelievable career and what I’ll call “benefit of the doubt”. In his first year as a starting QB Justin struggled mightily. We all know what Justin can do as a WR and a defender. He’s simply the best. Justin says he has every intention of moving back to WR this season and that is why he’s at number 4. If Justin was set on playing QB again he would not have cracked the top 10.

### 3. FRANK SEMISA (HOF)
Frank looked pretty awful throwing the ball last Sunday. He’d be the first to tell you he didn’t throw the ball particularly well during last year’s championship run. But he did enough to win in rough weather conditions and he refused to make the big mistake. Frank has gone 3 game days in a row without a turnover. That stat is almost impossible for a QB with as many snaps as frank has. Frank made the throws he had to last year and accounted for 7 of his teams 10 TDs. He did it with his arm and legs. He’s still the G.O.A.T. with his 7 championship rings BUT he’s certainly looking over his shoulder.

### 2. J.J.
2 years is all it’s taken for this young man ti leave his mark on this league. 22 catches and 6 TDs, and that includes last years 1st round exit. He’s averaging 12 catches at 3 TDs a year. I know it’s a small sample size but those numbers are staggering. He’s always open. Literally. His speed and quickness creat elite separation off of the line of scrimmage. He’s missing one thing, a ring. If he can grow as a defender and get his first ring JJ will certainly have a chance to move into the number 1 spot. 

### 1. NICK DELMONTE
It took Nick 5 years to get his first win. He’s put up great numbers but until last year those numbers had not translated to wins. But last season was historic. 5 TDs as a non-QB is legendary. He did it as a receiver, a running back and a defender. He recorded the leagues first ever pick-6. He joined the most elite club in the league. The Jim Oshea MVP award club. Last week he showed he hasn’t slowed down. If he’s committed to practicing this year, he should be at the top of teams draft boards.
