---
layout: post
title: "Top 10 All Time"
author: "Frank Semisa"
categories:
  - Articles
tags:
  - Articles
---

### Criteria
All four coaches, the president of the players association and two members of the media were asked to put together a list of the top players in LOL history. That data was compiled and sorted into the following list. 

### Honorable mention: J.J.
[img]https://i.imgur.com/CLTn0LB.jpg[/img]
J.J. Is a top 5 player in this league RIGHT NOW. He will be a top 5 player all time when it’s all said and done. He will go down as the #1 or #2 greatest receiver of all time. However when making this list it was important to feature players who have been in the league for at least half of the leagues existence. J.J. Has only played 5 seasons. In those 5 years he has over 40 catches and 8 TDs. The kid has been a cheat code. 

### 10. John Maca
[img]https://i.imgur.com/fNyU9iY.jpg[/img]
Maca has been underrated for years but no one can argue that he deserves a spot on this list. The 3 time champion has established himself as a top 5 defender in this league. Offensively he has over 35 catches and 7 TDs. He does the dirty work as a blocker and he finds a way to up his level of play every season.

### 9. Joe Labo
[img]https://i.imgur.com/iaMh09E.jpg[/img]
Labo is one of the 2 greatest centers of all time but what gets lost in the shuffle is the championships. Joe Labo has 5 championship rings. He’s a winner. He does whatever it takes to win. He’s registered impact numbers at Center, QB, D-Line, And D-Back. With over 50 catches, 8 receiving TDs and 8 passing TDs, he’s figured out a way to impact the game in almost every way possible. Winning matters and few people have won more than Joe Labo.

### 8. Ken Silver
[img]https://i.imgur.com/8fiNmlQ.jpg[/img]
If Joe Labo isn’t your top Center it has to be Ken Silver. Ken is an elite route runner from the center position. The guy gets open. Ken has registered less games than most people on this list but is still top 10 in TDs with 17. His 17 TDs come on only 28 catches, meaning that when he catches all ball it’s usually in the end zone. He has one of the highest Average TD ratios in LOL history at 2.7 TDs per game day. That’s a high number for a non QB. 

### 7. Nick Geraci
[img]https://i.imgur.com/V6MhrrE.jpg[/img]
Geraci is known as a QB for good reason. He’s a top 5 QB all time in this league but don’t let that take away from the fact that he’s been an elite receiver AND defender. His 26 total TDs puts him top 5 all time in that category. He’s been asked to guard #1 receivers and has always held his own. The 3 time champion has proved himself to be versatile weapon at any position on the field.

### 6. Ian Tully
[img]https://i.imgur.com/ImZs1Qo.jpg[/img]
A former MVP, Ian Tully is top 5 in almost every major statistical category of LOL football. 24 total TDs, 9 of them passing, 14 of them receiving. Over 45 receptions and 3 picks. He fills the stat sheet. He’s also a member of the Jesus Arancibia Sr. Hall of fame. 

### 5. Nick Delmonte
[img]https://i.imgur.com/8vyUUwc.jpg[/img]
Nick Delmonte's 20/21 MVP performance Is the greatest non-quarterback, MVP performance of all time. He was unstoppable that day. He has arguably become the number one or two best ball hawking defender the league has ever seen. Not enough for him to intercept a pass. He has a nasty habit of turning an interception into a touchdown. He’s arguably the best rusher in the league as well and he is definitely the premier deep threat in LOL football. 

### 4. Colin Tully
[img]https://i.imgur.com/edTjEg6.jpg[/img]
Colin is a former MVP and a member of the Roberto Arancibia Sr. Hall of fame.  His 13/14 MVP performance is the greatest rushing performance in league history. 6 rushing TDs in a game day will NEVER be repeated. Colin has done it all at every position. The list you're about to read is pure craziness, top 5 in interceptions, top 5 in passing TDs, number 1 in rushing TDs, number 2 all time in Receptions, number 2 all time in Receiving TDs, number 3 all time in total TDs. Is that enough for you?

### 3. Renzo
[img]https://i.imgur.com/Kvrupyu.jpg[/img]
This guy Renzo may finish his career at number 1 on this list. The kid is just unreal. His numbers at receiver alone are enough for a hall of fame career but his number at QB are obviously otherworldly. He’s the 2nd greatest passer of all time. He’s got the greatest arm in LOL history. He’s a winner with 5 rings. He’s 1 of only 3 players to win multiple MVP awards and he’s a hall of famer. We all hope he comes back healthy from his recent surgery.

### 2. Justin O'Shea
[img]https://i.imgur.com/Op4kS1i.jpg[/img]
The best receiver all time. The best defender all time. A 2 time MVP, a hall of famer, and the most dominant force the league will ever see. Justin O'Shea could easily be #1 on any list. His stats and accolades speak for themselves but he does so many things our stat sheets don’t record. He’s one of the greatest competitors and leaders our league has ever seen. 7 championships. SEVEN.

### 1. Frank Semisa
[img]https://i.imgur.com/uvfyErg.jpg[/img]
Any surprise? He’s the G.O.A.T. 82 total TDs. That’s number 1 by a mile. The next closest is Justin with 33 so Frank has more than double the TDs of anyone else in this league. 4 MVP awards, double what anyone else has. 8 championships, also good for the most all time. Name a stat, he has it. He averages over 7 TDs per game day which is almost enough to win a championship on his own. Having Frank on a roster changes that franchises expectations to championship or bust. That’s a responsibility that only Frank can shoulder.
